it's too what do finger Tuesday's to to
do finger Tuesday but to Peter Tuesday
fingers like a soup here Tuesday wat
amidst wednesday december 26 2012 i am
Frankie finger thanks and you're
watching an all-new episode finger
skates electives to finger twins day
that's right what up homies it's twins
day hopefully you guys saw the
announcement that I posted the other day
and my youtube bead letting you guys
know that I would not be posting TFT
until today so since we're already a day
late we better get going here we go your
finger Tuesday episodes in info I always
I've got a tiny bit of FSS info for you
first off I am gonna be dropping an
official tech deck Tony Hawk big ramps
review soon along with that I'm gonna be
posting a couple other tech tech product
reviews that I've gotten recently as
always if you guys have any review
suggestions I strongly urge you to toss
them below for my consideration yeah
yeah the other tiny bit of FSS info is
just remind you homies out there that
send in Frank email that the only FSS
products that I have available are the
ones on the list I do not sell
fingerboards maybe one day I will but as
of right now what you see is what is
available fine all right now that you
guys are pretty much up to speed let's
get into the real chocolate chips of
this cookie let's do finger Tuesday
homework alright homies like always I
asked you guys for your homework ideas
and last Tuesday epic skates Katie wise
idea we seen 26 thumbs ups so for this
week's emphasize homework assignment
you're gonna post a one-minute mini but
the first three tricks must be done on a
standard unmodified tech deck then after
the first three tricks you can go ahead
and use your favorite type of finger
board or any kind of finger board you
want but the first three tricks got to
be on a standard unmodified tech back so
be creative most importantly have fun be
sure to rep FSS for a little bit extra
credit then post your homework video as
a video response to this video before
next Tuesday for a chance to make the
FSS on a roll now as for the prices in
next Tuesday's on a roll the two main
spot winners will each win a pad
of my FSS slippy tape and a pack of
crown pivot cups and for the two
runner-up spots a pack of ground pivot
cabs so make sure you break out your
tech deck and get your homework done all
right all right you guys are all set
with your assignment but I want to have
another little bonus contest for this
week just for fun so let's do this FSS
wrapped chili all right whenever we have
the comment contest where you guys write
your FSS wraps it always makes me laugh
so let's go ahead and do another one
it's up to you guys to comment with a
funny FSS wrap it can be as long as you
want or as short as you want it doesn't
matter just be creative make sure it
rhymes that's always important then on
next tuesday i'm gonna pick four of them
and announce those four winners who will
each win a pack of crown pivot cups also
this time i'm gonna pick the four
winners strictly by the ones that i like
personally so i'm not gonna be looking
for thumbs up or thumbs down i'm just
gonna pick the ones I like so it is or
this poster emphasis wraps all right
then bubbles above s that is it for this
episode of TNT make sure you guys
comment with your FSS wraps and don't
forget get your when we're done also
while you're doing all that you got to
remember email your chick clips to be
featured right here on FSS while you're
at it email your pics and drawings for
the Frankie framing represent represent
resent sending your Frank email and/or
by an FSS product make sure you ask a
question for this friday's ask frankie
episode thank you guys for watching and
supporting episode so really appreciate
it now very gently without cracking the
LCD on your mac or pc prove their booth
i will see you guys sooner than later
you